Game introductions:

Aliens are invading, and you should protect the earth from them.
That's exactly what you can do in this game.
Try to kill the aliens and get a higher score!

You have 3 different difficulties to choose.
More difficult level means more scores for each alien.
Many things are going faster when the game goes on.

There may be something that can help you to play more easily.
You also have some particular skills to attack the aliens.
Don't forget to catch or use them.

Enjoy your playing!
------
Controlling:

Press "Space" to fire bullets.
Press "Left/Right" key to move your ship.
Press "1","2","3" to use skills.

When you want to pause the game, press "Esc".
You can press "Q" to exit at any time.

Your mouse cursor will be hided when playing the game.
------
Properties:

Properties A: More bullets
Color: Red
It will let you fire 2 more bullets for each time.

Properties B: Stronger bullets
Color: Yellow
It will make your bullets larger and stronger.

Properties C: Double Scores
Color: Green
It can let you get double scores when killing the aliens.

All the properties are temporary.
------
Skills:

Skill A: Frozen
It's a powerful skill that can keep the aliens still for a short time.
The time it works will get a little shorter as the game going on.
Use it by pressing "1".

Skill B: Shield
It's a protective skill that can protect you from a hit.
But it doesn't work if an alien reaches the bottom.
Use it by pressing "2".

Skill C: Bomb
It's an aggressive skill that can kill the aliens in an area.
It will kill the near aliens throughout its bombing time.
Use it by pressing "3".
------
Details:

As the game goes on, you will find the alien faster.
However, your skills' CD will also become faster,
    and you can also fire the bullets faster.
Meanwhile, the kill points for each alien are going higher.

Since Version 2.0, you can save your game data and continue to play 
    the game for the next time.
Your highest score will be recorded.

If you shoot too slowly on purpose (like for the skills' CD),
    the aliens will refresh forcely, so that doesn't work.

You can change user in the menu.
Each user's data is independent.
------
Settings:

Save your personal settings in "Settings".

You can adjust the volume of the BGMs and FXs in the game.
As well, you can change the frame of the game.
But please know that the game frame will influence the game speed,
    so set the default status is better.

You can even personalize the background image.
Make the picture darker and in the scale of 4:3 for a better experience. 
Don't use a too large image as it may affect the performance.

Go back for the default status by clicking the "Default" button.
It will only change the volume of the sounds in the game.

If you clear your userdata, 
    your highest score and background image etc. will be reset.
------
Game information:

--!
Name: Alien Invasion
Maker: Dreamer_Leo
Version: 2.3
Release Date: 2023.01.25
Code Language: Python (Pygame)

Recommended Frame: 165Hz
--!